My wife Elizabeth and I emigrated to Europe in 2006, because of their economic situation
and civil war in Angola.
We were very poor in Angola, we had nothing to eat, sometimes we spent several days starving
with nothing to eat.
Despite everything, we were happy.
We never had the desire to immigrate, we'd rather have stayed in Angola.
There's a big difference between the African and European culture.
When we arrived in France, we quickly saw the danger we could face.
It was easier to have a spiritual routine in Angola.
Many things can distract us from our spiritual routine today.
If we're not careful, modern technology can draw us away from Jehovah.
Despite our simple life, we strive to be generous and to teach our daughters to be generous
and hospitable.
We can do small things to help others.
We just want to show our brothers how much we love them.
The lying on Jehovah for all our needs and showing love to our neighbours is the most
beautiful answer to poverty.